Wallet Scrutiny Case Study (#1048)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/case-studies/wallet-scrutiny.md

## What does Wallet Scrutiny do?

Wallet Scrutiny is a website that helps everyday bitcoin users verify whether or not their wallet is truly open-sourced and secure. They aim to improve the security of all bitcoin wallets by open sourcing the evaluation of their source code. They do this by focusing on the reproducibility of wallets, which ensures that the wallet a regular user uses actually matches with the code published online.

They:
- Produce security verdicts on 3000+ mobile and hardware wallets
- Write in-depth documentation on the analysis of each wallet
- Maintain a high-quality security review methodology
- Provide navigation of wallets and verdicts via search

## The process

{% include picture.html
   image = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/wallet-scrutiny/process-wallet-scrutiny.png"
   retina = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/wallet-scrutiny/process-header-wallet-scrutiny@2x.png"
   mobile = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/wallet-scrutiny/process-header-wallet-scrutiny-mobile.png"

>    alt-text = "An image of the seven steps that were taken during the re-design process. Those steps were discovery, ux plan, user groups, baseline testing, re-branding, re-design, re-testing"

Reviewer: UX should be capitalized, I think. Not sure about the "re-" thingies. Doesn't look quite right and I'd probably go for "redesign", "rebranding", etc. but I'm not a native speaker.

Author: Good spot, edited these to be one word also in the headings.

   width = 800
   height = 225
   layout = "full-width"
%}

#### 1. Discovery
The designers were not familiar with reproducibility and security review methodologies. So we had several calls discussing with the whole team, and spent study time becoming familiar with the subject matter. This was a necessary foundation for then being able to guide an informed design process.

#### 2. UX plan
We came up with a plan of how to best approach the redesign process. The process was bucketed into 3 main areas.

- **Branding**: How can we create a visual experience and tone of voice for people who visit the website and that reflects the ethos of the project?

- **Webdesign**: UI design: How can we redesign the website to meet the needs of the 3 user groups?

> Copy design: How can we improve the copy of the website?

Reviewer: I'd probably use copywriting instead of copy design.

   layout = "full-width"
%}

#### 5. Re-brand
We wanted to help the project with its own unique brand and feel, this would involve a new logo as well as colors and fonts as well as the overall feel of the website.

We did a branding exercise with the team to identify the brand personality, project values as well as the feel that they would like users to experience when landing on the website.

- **Brand personality**: A brand personality that felt formal, conventional, functional, inclusive and conservative

- **Strong values**: Transparency,  Approachable, Inviting

- **Would like users to feel:** Respect for wallet privacy, care about wallet security

- **Colors:** White, Black, warm tones

{% include picture.html
   image = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/wallet-scrutiny/logo-wallet-scrutiny.png"
   retina = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/wallet-scrutiny/logo-wallet-scrutiny@2x.png"
   mobile = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/wallet-scrutiny/logo-wallet-scrutiny-mobile.png"
   alt-text = "A before and after showing the original logo of the project as well as the logo after the re-design"
   width = 800
   height = 186
   layout = "full-width"
%}

#### 6. Re-design

> A new home page design was then created and shared with the team. The new design had the following elements. Below we will describe the biggest revisions as well as the rationale behind them:

Reviewer: I don't think you need the last sentence here.

#### 7. Retest
The second round of [usability tests](https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Meta/issues/415#issuecomment-1597285016) were carried out after the redesign of the website to see if the new design allowed for an easier user journey. The research findings can be viewed [here](https://www.figma.com/file/wea86Tp0kqJihuBwoXGGkm/Post-Design-User-feedback?type=design&node-id=0-1&mode=design&t=ZYUaLjqseDukLlZR-0).

The redesign was appreciated with a lot of enthusiasm. The comments were:
- **Clean design:** People loved the clean and neutral design. They felt that they could better relate to the content this way.

- **Easy to read:** People found the methodology easy to read and mentioned that it helps to show what went wrong in the testing process.

- **Details:** Developers liked the in depth explanations and the details of what went wrong.

## Insights
**Consensus**: Design is an iterative process that requires the team being onboard with the direction of the design as well as the UX strategy. Building consensus was an essential part of the collaborative process.

> **UX research**: Understanding the current user experience during the redesign process helped us to understand the main user flow of the users as well as which areas of the website created the most friction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**UX research**: Understanding the current user experience during the redesign process helped us to understand the main user flow as well as which areas of the website created the most friction.
```

> **Consider the users goals**: Understanding the user groups who would visit the website helped us to understand the shortest user journey that would help them to meet their main goals. This helped with the information infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Consider the users goals**: Understanding the user groups who would visit the website helped us to understand the shortest user journey that would help them to meet their main goals. This helped with the information architecture.
```

> **Trust**: Creating trust throughout the user experience was something that we tried to incorporate using design, this was essential to keeping the user engaged and trusting the reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Trust**: Creating trust throughout the user experience was something that we tried to incorporate using design. This was essential to keeping the user engaged and trusting the reviews.
```

## Conclusion

> As a community we really enjoyed working with this project and sprinting towards the redesign of the website. The entire process took about 6 months in total and we jumped on weekly or bi-monthly calls to keep momentum. The redesign of a website is an intricate process that requires a team effort as well as understanding the needs and goals of the people using the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a community we really enjoyed working with this project and sprinting towards the redesign of the website. The entire process took about 6 months in total and we jumped on weekly or bi-weekly calls to keep up the momentum. The redesign of a website is an intricate process that requires a team effort as well as understanding the needs and goals of the people using the website.
```

> With that said this project is not finished, While we made a lot of changes in the redesign process the next steps with this project are to get the project in front of the world, gather feedback and speak with users and continue to iterate. There is more work to be done on the expert opinions, how the project could integrate Nostr and so contributions to that effort would be much appreciated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With that said this project is not finished. While we made a lot of changes in the redesign process the next steps with this project are to get the project in front of the world, gather feedback and speak with users and continue to iterate. There is more work to be done on the expert opinions, how the project could integrate Nostr and so contributions to that effort would be much appreciated.
```

```suggestion
With that said this project is not finished: While we made a lot of changes in the redesign process the next steps with this project are to get the project in front of the world, gather feedback and speak with users and continue to iterate. There is more work to be done on the expert opinions, how the project could integrate Nostr and so contributions to that effort would be much appreciated.
```

> With that said this project is not finished, while we made a lot of changes in the redesign process the next steps with this project is to get the project in front of the world and gather feedback and speak with users and continue to iterate. There is more work to be done on the expert opinions, how the project could integrate Nostr and so contributions to that effort would be much appreciated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that said this project is not finished, While we made a lot of changes in the redesign process the next steps with this project are to get the project in front of the world, gather feedback and speak with users and continue to iterate. There is more work to be done on the expert opinions, how the project could integrate Nostr and so contributions to that effort would be much appreciated.
```

## Acknowledgements/Gratitude

> We would like to thank the Wallet Scrutiny team for their willingness to collaborate as well as members of the Bitcoin Design Community, who rallied together to make the redesign happen. Christoph and Mogashni worked with the team over a longer period of time to make the redesign a reality. We’d also like to give a shout out to our anonymous copy guy. He spent a lot of time rewriting all content for length and clarity and come up with some headlines that really capture what Wallet Scrutiny does, while still being catchy and approachable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We would like to thank the WalletScrutiny team for their willingness to collaborate as well as members of the Bitcoin Design Community, who rallied together to make the redesign happen. Christoph and Mogashni worked with the team over a longer period of time to make the redesign a reality. We’d also like to give a shout out to our anonymous copy guy. He spent a lot of time rewriting all content for length and clarity and came up with some headlines that really capture what Wallet Scrutiny does, while still being catchy and approachable.
```

> We would like to thank the Wallet Scrutiny team for their willingness to collaborate as well as members of the Bitcoin Design Community who rallied together to make the redesign process a reality. Christoph, Mogashni worked with the team over a longer duration to make the redesign a reality. We’d also like to give a shout out to our anonymous copy guy who spent a lot of time rewriting all content for length and clarity and come up with some headlines that really capture what Wallet Scrutiny does while still being catchy and approachable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would like to thank the Wallet Scrutiny team for their willingness to collaborate as well as members of the Bitcoin Design Community, who rallied together to make the redesign happen. Christoph and Mogashni worked with the team over a longer period of time to make the redesign a reality. We’d also like to give a shout out to our anonymous copy guy. He spent a lot of time rewriting all content for length and clarity and come up with some headlines that really capture what Wallet Scrutiny does, while still being catchy and approachable.
```

> Moving forward we will continue to support the project to bring more awareness to wallet reproducibility in the form of education as well as support in the design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moving forward we will continue to support the project in order to bring more awareness to wallet reproducibility in the form of education as well as support in the design.
```

#### 3. User groups
Three distinct user groups were identified. These user groups were [identified](https://www.figma.com/file/47ybO7dGvHSkEBUXrplQ8b/Wallet-Scrutiny-Personas?type=whiteboard&t=ZYUaLjqseDukLlZR-0) by sitting together with the project members and ideating on who was the audience that they were intending to serve.

- **Wallet end users**: Generally refers to an individual or entity who uses a digital wallet for personal or business purposes.

- **Security experts**: People with technical knowledge as to what it entails to look at the code of a wallet and determine if it is reproducible

- **Wallet providers**: A wallet provider is an entity or organization that offers services and tools for individuals and businesses to store, manage, and transact with cryptocurrencies and digital assets. These providers offer various types of wallets, including software wallets, hardware wallets, and online wallets, to cater to different preferences and security needs.

One of the goals of the redesign was to ensure that the website served the needs of these three user groups.

#### 4. Baseline testing

> We began by examining the existing user experience on the website. To gain insights into user interactions, we conducted [usability tests](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qgRNRS89crQMPPmMQPyuSxh4pu8J55a0u-fdTWhbnOg/edit#heading=h.jp30k554ssst) where participants were given specific tasks to complete on the site. This approach helped us identify key friction points and understand how users typically navigate the website.

Author: Good spot, changed to view-only

   width = 800
   height = 220
   layout = "full-width"
%}

#### 5. Rebrand
We wanted to help the project with its own unique brand and feel. This would involve a new logo as well as colors, fonts and the overall feel of the website.

We did a branding exercise with the team to identify the brand personality, project values as well as the feel that they would like users to experience when landing on the website.

- **Brand personality**: A brand personality that felt formal, conventional, functional, inclusive and conservative

- **Strong values**: Transparent,  Approachable, Inviting

- **Would like users to feel:** Respect for wallet privacy, care about wallet security

- **Colors:** White, Black, warm tones

{% include picture.html
   image = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/wallet-scrutiny/logo-wallet-scrutiny.png"
   retina = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/wallet-scrutiny/logo-wallet-scrutiny@2x.png"
   mobile = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/wallet-scrutiny/logo-wallet-scrutiny-mobile.png"
   alt-text = "A before and after showing the original logo of the project as well as the logo after the re-design"

>    width = 800

Author: Edited in last commit.

   height = 186
   layout = "full-width"
%}

#### 6. Redesign
A new homepage design was then created and shared with the team. The new design had the following elements.

##### Branding:
The brand direction was designed to feel functional and inclusive yet trustworthy. The logo of the dog with its ears up came about from an idea that the WalletScrutiny team/website would bark when they spotted a wallet that they tested which did not pass all the tests.

**Why**:
The feeling that a user would get when arriving at the homepage would largely be determined by the tagline as well as the overall feel and branding. We wanted to use color and copy to create an inviting and trustworthy feel for users.

##### Homepage:

> The copy and UI design was something that we focused on a lot for the homepage. Copy, being an essential part of design, was tricky with a project like Wallet Scrutiny. We had the help of a copy ninja who helped us to create a catchy headline as well as revise all the copy on the homepage and methodology page. The homepage was designed with a strong call to action with the search bar as well as a nice tile overview of the wallets on which reviews have been done. Showing the wallets that passed all the tests right from the homepage and allowing  a filter option to sort through the reviews.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We focused a lot on copy writing and UI design for the homepage. Copy, being an essential part of design, was tricky with a project like Wallet Scrutiny due to the technical complexity. We had the help of a pseudonymous copy ninja who helped us to create catchy, yet precise and informative, headlines as well as revise all the copy on the homepage and methodology page. The homepage was designed with a strong call to action, search bar, and a nice tile overview of reviewed wallets. Wallets that passed all the tests were shown right on the homepage, with filter options to sort through the reviews.
```

<div class="center" markdown="1">

{% include image.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/case-studies/wallet-scrutiny/homepage-before-after-wallet-scrutiny.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/case-studies/wallet-scrutiny/homepage-before-after-wallet-scrutiny@2x.png"
   alt-text = "Two side by side images. The first image is the homepage before the re-design, the second page is the homepage after the re-design."
   width = 400

>    height = 89

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   height = 495
```

   layout = "float-left-desktop"
%}

**Why**:The strong call to action of typing into the green search box was intentional to allow the user to search straight away for the wallet they are using or were thinking of using.

> Essentially there are four main categories that wallets fall into; Android, iPhone, hardware and bearer. We wanted to create a quick filter option of this as well as present a default view of the wallets that passed all the tests.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are four main wallet categories; Android, iPhone, hardware and bearer. We wanted to provide a quick filter option as well as a default view of the wallets that passed all the tests.
```

</div>

##### Methodology page:

> The methodology page was revised with a focus on two directions. We revised the copy as well as the navigation structure. The page was broken up into three sections. Introduction, tests we run as well as FAQ’s.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The methodology page was revised with a focus on two directions. We revised the copy as well as the navigation structure. The page was broken up into three sections. Introduction, Tests we run, as well as FAQ’s.
```

**Why**:

> The original methodology page was a single page outlining the full process.  Trying to find a simple, easy-to-read structure for this diverse mix of security data and test results was a unique challenge. Since the process to evaluate wallets is a lengthy one we decided to break this up into three distinct sections. This change allowed for easier readability and navigation. The copy of the methodology page was also worked on to improve readability by looking for opportunities to simplify the content.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The original methodology page was a single page outlining the full process. Trying to find a simple, easy-to-read structure for this diverse mix of security data and test results was a unique challenge. Since the process to evaluate wallets is a lengthy one, we decided to break it up into three distinct sections. This change allowed for better readability and navigation. The copy of the methodology page was also worked on to improve readability, by looking for opportunities to simplify the content.
```

##### About:

> The about page showcases the team behind the project as well as any public interviews or podcasts as well as who the sponsors are of the project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The about page showcases the team behind the project, public interviews and podcasts, and project sponsors.
```

**Why**:

> The goal of the about page is to create a sense of credibility and trust for the user visiting the website. Showing the supporters of the project as well as a human element showing the team is intentional to create this.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The goal of the about page is to create a sense of credibility and trust for the user visiting the website. Showing the supporters of the project, as well as a human element showing the team, can help achieve this.
```

#### 7. Retest
The second round of [usability tests](https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Meta/issues/415#issuecomment-1597285016) were carried out after the redesign of the website to see if the new design allowed for an easier user journey. The research findings can be viewed [here](https://www.figma.com/file/wea86Tp0kqJihuBwoXGGkm/Post-Design-User-feedback?type=design&node-id=0-1&mode=design&t=ZYUaLjqseDukLlZR-0).

The redesign was appreciated with a lot of enthusiasm. The comments were:
- **Clean design:** People loved the clean and neutral design. They felt that they could better relate to the content this way.

- **Easy to read:** People found the methodology easy to read and mentioned that it helps to show what went wrong in the testing process.

- **Details:** Developers liked the in depth explanations and the details of what went wrong.

## Insights

> - **Consensus**: Design is an iterative process that requires the team being on board with the direction of the design as well as the UX strategy. Building consensus was an essential part of the collaborative process.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Consensus**: Design is an iterative process that requires the team to be on board with the design direction and UX strategy. Building consensus was an essential part of the collaboration process.
```

> - **UX research**: Understanding the current user experience during the redesign process helped us to understand the main user flow as well as which areas of the website created the most friction.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **UX research**: Understanding the current user experience during the redesign process helped us understand the main user flow and which areas of the website created the most friction.
```

- **Consider the users goals**: Understanding the user groups who would visit the website helped us to understand the shortest user journey that would help them to meet their main goals. This helped with the information architecture.

- **Trust**: Creating trust throughout the user experience was something that we tried to incorporate using design. This was essential to keeping the user engaged and trusting the reviews.

## Conclusion

> As a community we really enjoyed working with this project and sprinting towards the redesign of the website. The entire process took about six months in total and we jumped on weekly or bi-weekly calls to keep up the momentum. The redesign of a website is an intricate process that requires a team effort as well as understanding the needs and goals of the people using the website.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As a community we really enjoyed working with this project and sprinting towards the redesign of the website. The entire process took about six months in total and we jumped on weekly or bi-weekly calls to keep up the momentum. A website redesign is an intricate process that requires a team effort, and truly understanding user needs and goals.
```

> With that said this project is not finished. While we made a lot of changes in the redesign process the next steps with this project are to get the project in front of the world, gather feedback and speak with users and continue to iterate. There is more work to be done on the expert opinions, how the project could integrate Nostr and so contributions to that effort would be much appreciated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With that said, this project is not finished. While we made a lot of changes in the redesign process, the next steps are to get the project in front of the world, gather feedback and speak with users and continue to iterate. There is more work to be done on the expert opinions feature and how the project could integrate Nostr. Contributions to that effort would be much appreciated.
```

> ## Acknowledgements/Gratitude

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Acknowledgements
```

> We would like to thank the WalletScrutiny team for their willingness to collaborate as well as members of the Bitcoin Design Community, who rallied together to make the redesign happen. Christoph and Mogashni worked with the team over a longer period of time to make the redesign a reality. We’d also like to give a shout out to our anonymous copy guy. He spent a lot of time rewriting all content for length and clarity and came up with some headlines that really capture what Wallet Scrutiny does, while still being catchy and approachable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We would like to thank the WalletScrutiny team for their willingness to collaborate, as well as members of the Bitcoin Design Community, who rallied together to make the redesign happen. Christoph and Mogashni worked with the team over a longer period of time to make the redesign a reality. We’d also like to give a shout-out to our anonymous copy guy. He spent a lot of time revising all content for length and clarity and came up with some headlines that really capture what Wallet Scrutiny does, while still being catchy and approachable.
```

> Moving forward we will continue to support the project in order to bring more awareness to wallet reproducibility in the form of education as well as support in the design.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Moving forward, we will continue to support the project in order to bring more awareness to wallet reproducibility in the form of education and design support.
```

## Resources

> Previous case studies:

Reviewer 3: I don't think you need to link previous case studies. They are easily accessible via the sidebar navigation and the nav links at the bottom.

Author: I agree. Removed with latest commit.

- [Blixt wallet](https://bitcoin.design/guide/case-studies/blixt-wallet/)
- [Payjoin](https://bitcoin.design/guide/case-studies/payjoin/)

Links to project resources:
- [Figma file](https://www.figma.com/file/afzvWhwhxIwhoMans8lQg9/Wallet-Scrutiny?type=design&node-id=1690%3A71714&mode=design&t=rHRO9up7hGZqM3gf-1)
- [Case Study Guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lkipBAdo-re_TCIXgMhddFpGnZU3u6f1svJ06ctjkrk/edit#heading=h.rpf7ryqjg7i5)
- [Case Study Guideline questions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B6qcry5Wb-jjtMpTyuTk5WqGvF8WKScc4NAIK-SK1go/edit)
- [Call recordings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpV0KfVOMojbYu2i1zRjGcJw9fA1cj0eY)

---

Next, view the [resources]({{ '/guide/resources' | relative_url }}) a collection of design resources to that can help you design and build better bitcoin products.

{% include next-previous.html

>    previousUrl = "/guide/case-studies"

Reviewer 3: Should link to the Payjoin case study, which is the previous page in the nav structure.

   retina = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/walletscrutiny/logo-before-after@2x.png"
   mobile = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/walletscrutiny/logo-before-after-mobile.png"
   mobileRetina = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/walletscrutiny/logo-before-after-mobile@2x.png"
   alt-text = "A before and after showing the original logo of the project as well as the logo after the re-design"
   width = 800
   height = 186
   layout = "full-width"
%}

#### 6. Redesign
A new homepage design was then created and shared with the team. The new design had the following elements.

##### Branding:
The brand direction was designed to feel functional and inclusive yet trustworthy. The logo of the dog with its ears up came about from an idea that the WalletScrutiny team/website would bark when they spotted a wallet that they tested which did not pass all the tests.

**Why**:
The feeling that a user would get when arriving at the homepage would largely be determined by the tagline as well as the overall feel and branding. We wanted to use color and copy to create an inviting and trustworthy feel for users.

##### Homepage:

> We focused a lot on copy writing and UI design for the homepage. Copy, being an essential part of design, was tricky with a project like Wallet Scrutiny due to the technical complexity. We had the help of a pseudonymous copy ninja who helped us to create catchy, yet precise and informative, headlines as well as revise all the copy on the homepage and methodology page. The homepage was designed with a strong call to action, search bar, and a nice tile overview of reviewed wallets. Wallets that passed all the tests were shown right on the homepage, with filter options to sort through the reviews.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We focused a lot on copy writing and UI design for the homepage. Copy, being an essential part of design, was tricky with a project like WalletScrutiny due to the technical complexity. We had the help of a pseudonymous copy ninja who helped us to create catchy, yet precise and informative, headlines as well as revise all the copy on the homepage and methodology page. The homepage was designed with a strong call to action, search bar, and a nice tile overview of reviewed wallets. Wallets that passed all the tests were shown right on the homepage, with filter options to sort through the reviews.
```

<div class="center" markdown="1">

{% include image.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/case-studies/walletscrutiny/homepage-before-after.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/case-studies/walletscrutiny/homepage-before-after@2x.png"
   mobile = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/walletscrutiny/homepage-before-after-mobile.png"
   mobileRetina = "assets/images/guide/case-studies/walletscrutiny/homepage-before-after-mobile@2x.png"
   alt-text = "Two side by side images. The first image is the homepage before the re-design, the second page is the homepage after the re-design."
   width = 400
   height = 495
   layout = "float-left-desktop"
%}

**Why**:The strong call to action of typing into the green search box was intentional to allow the user to search straight away for the wallet they are using or were thinking of using.

There are four main wallet categories; Android, iPhone, hardware and bearer. We wanted to provide a quick filter option as well as a default view of the wallets that passed all the tests.

</div>

##### Methodology page:

> The methodology page was revised with a focus on two directions. We revised the copy as well as the navigation structure. The page was broken up into three sections. Introduction, Tests we run, as well as FAQ’s.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The [methodology page](https://walletscrutiny.com/methodology/) was revised with a focus on two directions. We revised the copy as well as the navigation structure. The page was broken up into three sections. Introduction, Tests we run, as well as FAQ’s.
```

**Why**:
The original methodology page was a single page outlining the full process. Trying to find a simple, easy-to-read structure for this diverse mix of security data and test results was a unique challenge. Since the process to evaluate wallets is a lengthy one, we decided to break it up into three distinct sections. This change allowed for better readability and navigation. The copy of the methodology page was also worked on to improve readability, by looking for opportunities to simplify the content.

##### About:

> The about page showcases the team behind the project, public interviews and podcasts, and project sponsors.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The [about page](https://walletscrutiny.com/about/) showcases the team behind the project, public interviews and podcasts, and project sponsors.
```

- **Consider the users goals**: Understanding the user groups who would visit the website helped us to understand the shortest user journey that would help them to meet their main goals. This helped with the information architecture.

- **Trust**: Creating trust throughout the user experience was something that we tried to incorporate using design. This was essential to keeping the user engaged and trusting the reviews.

## Conclusion
As a community we really enjoyed working with this project and sprinting towards the redesign of the website. The entire process took about six months in total and we jumped on weekly or bi-weekly calls to keep up the momentum. A website redesign is an intricate process that requires a team effort, and truly understanding user needs and goals.

With that said, this project is not finished. While we made a lot of changes in the redesign process, the next steps are to get the project in front of the world, gather feedback and speak with users and continue to iterate. There is more work to be done on the expert opinions feature and how the project could integrate Nostr. Contributions to that effort would be much appreciated.

## Acknowledgements

> We would like to thank the WalletScrutiny team for their willingness to collaborate, as well as members of the Bitcoin Design Community, who rallied together to make the redesign happen. Christoph and Mogashni worked with the team over a longer period of time to make the redesign a reality. We’d also like to give a shout-out to our anonymous copy guy. He spent a lot of time revising all content for length and clarity and came up with some headlines that really capture what Wallet Scrutiny does, while still being catchy and approachable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We would like to thank the WalletScrutiny team for their willingness to collaborate, as well as members of the Bitcoin Design Community, who rallied together to make the redesign happen. Christoph and Mogashni worked with the team over a longer period of time to make the redesign a reality. We’d also like to give a shout-out to our anonymous copy guy. He spent a lot of time revising all content for length and clarity and came up with some headlines that really capture what WalletScrutiny does, while still being catchy and approachable.
```

Moving forward, we will continue to support the project in order to bring more awareness to wallet reproducibility in the form of education and design support.

## Resources
Links to project resources:
- [Figma file](https://www.figma.com/file/afzvWhwhxIwhoMans8lQg9/Wallet-Scrutiny?type=design&node-id=1690%3A71714&mode=design&t=rHRO9up7hGZqM3gf-1)
- [Case Study Guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lkipBAdo-re_TCIXgMhddFpGnZU3u6f1svJ06ctjkrk/edit#heading=h.rpf7ryqjg7i5)
- [Case Study Guideline questions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B6qcry5Wb-jjtMpTyuTk5WqGvF8WKScc4NAIK-SK1go/edit)
- [Call recordings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpV0KfVOMojbYu2i1zRjGcJw9fA1cj0eY)

---

Next, view the [resources]({{ '/guide/resources' | relative_url }}) a collection of design resources to that can help you design and build better bitcoin products.

{% include next-previous.html
   previousUrl = "/guide/case-studies/payjoin/"
   previousName = "Case studies"

>    nextUrl = "/guide/case-studies/resources/"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   nextUrl = "/guide/resources/"
```
